#### This is a required file for any study to be uploaded

This is a multiline text file and can be created using any text editor.

# Cancer Study
As described in the Data Loading tool page, the following file is needed to describe the cancer study:

# Meta file
This file contains metadata about the cancer study. The file contains the following fields:

**type_of_cancer**: The cancer type abbreviation, e.g., "brca". This should be the same cancer type as specified in the meta_cancer_type.txt file, if available. The type can be "mixed" for studies with multiple cancer types.

**cancer_study_identifier**: A string used to uniquely identify this cancer study within the database, e.g., "brca_joneslab_2013".

**name**: The name of the cancer study, e.g., "Breast Cancer (Jones Lab 2013)".

**description**: A description of the cancer study, e.g., "Comprehensive profiling of 103 breast cancer samples. Generated by the Jones Lab 2013". This description may contain one or more URLs to relevant information.

**citation (Optional)**: A relevant citation, e.g., "TCGA, Nature 2012".

**pmid (Optional)**: One or more relevant pubmed ids (comma separated without whitespace). If used, the field citation has to be filled, too.

**groups (Optional)**: When using an authenticating cBioPortal, lists the user-groups that are allowed access to this study. Multiple groups are separated with a semicolon ";". The study will be invisible to users not in at least one of the listed groups, as if it wasn't loaded at all. e.g., "PUBLIC;GDAC;SU2C-PI3K". see User-Authorization for more information on groups

**add_global_case_list (Optional)**: set to 'true' if you would like the "All samples" case list to be generated automatically for you. See also Case lists.

**tags_file (Optional)**: the file name containing custom study tags for the study tags.

**reference_genome (Optional)**: the study reference genome (e.g. hg19, hg38). Without specifying this property, the study will be assigned to the reference genome specified in application.properties (property ucsc.build).

# Example
An example meta_study.txt file would be:

```
type_of_cancer: brca
cancer_study_identifier: brca_joneslab_2013
name: Breast Cancer (Jones Lab 2013)
description: Comprehensive profiling of 103 breast cancer samples. Generated by the Jones Lab 2013.
add_global_case_list: true

```

_Ref: https://docs.cbioportal.org/file-formats/#cancer-study_
