## Cancer Study

This is a single multi-line text file containing metadata about the cancer study. 

| Filename (suggested)    | Filetype    | Requirement| Format  |  
|-------------|-------------|-------------|-------------|
| meta_study.txt | Meta |Required| Multi-line text file|


### Required Fields

1. **type_of_cancer**: An abbreviation of the cancer type, e.g., "brca". 

*Note: The type can be "mixed" for studies with multiple cancers in the same study e.g. PanCancer study. Multiple tumors from the same patient does not qualify as mixed.*

*Note: Check if the type_of_cancer exists in the [cBioPortal database](https://oncotree.mskcc.org/#/home). If not, you must provide separate meta_cancer_type.txt and cancer_type.txt files to specify the cancer type in the database. Ensure that the type_of_cancer field matches the values in the cancer_type.txt file.*

2. **cancer_study_identifier**: A string used to uniquely identify your cancer study within the cBioportal database, e.g., "brca_joneslab_2013".

3. **name**: The name of the cancer study, e.g., "Breast Cancer (Jones Lab 2013)".

4. **description**: A description of the cancer study, e.g., "Comprehensive profiling of 103 breast cancer samples. Generated by the Jones Lab 2013". This description may contain one or more URLs to relevant information.

### Optional Fields
1. **citation**: A relevant citation, e.g., "TCGA, Nature 2012".

2. **pmid**: One or more relevant pubmed ids (comma separated without whitespace). 

*Note: If used, the field citation has to be filled, too.*

3. **groups**: When using an authenticating cBioPortal, lists the user-groups that are allowed access to this study. Multiple groups are separated with a semicolon ";". The study will be invisible to users not in at least one of the listed groups, as if it wasn't loaded at all. e.g., "PUBLIC;GDAC;SU2C-PI3K". see User-Authorization for more information on groups

4. **add_global_case_list**: set to 'true' if you would like the "All samples" case list to be generated automatically for you. See also Case lists.

5. **tags_file**: the name of the YAML/JSON file that contains extra information about the cancer study if provided. 

6. **reference_genome**: the study reference genome (e.g. hg19, hg38). Without specifying this property, the study will be assigned to the reference genome specified in application.properties (property ucsc.build).


## Reference

Fore more information, please visit [this link](https://docs.cbioportal.org/file-formats/#cancer-study)
